RN 42127+42229 (#4361)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/GQI/Query_operators.md

- [(Then) Sort (by)](xref:GQI_Sort)

- [Top X](xref:GQI_Top_X)

> From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU13]/10.5.0 [CU1]/10.5.4 onwards<!--RN 42127-->, you can rearrange these operators by dragging and dropping them to a different position within the same level. If an operator turns red after being moved, it indicates that it cannot be used at that location and the query has become invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU13]/10.5.0 [CU1]/10.5.4 onwards<!--RN 42127-->, you can rearrange the operators that have been added in a query by dragging and dropping them to a different position on the same level. If an operator turns red after being moved, this indicates that it cannot be used at that location and the query has become invalid.
```
